NARRATOR: Our heroes arrived in
Sanpei's hometown of
Ninja Village: a lovely,
peaceful place filled with
hard‐working ninja and Pokémon.
And then, a mysterious ninja
force appeared and made off with
the village chief, Hanzo!
CLEMONT, BONNIE: Team Rocket!
MEOWTH: Yipes! You try to catch
a Pokémon and you
wind up with two Twerps instead!
JESSIE: 'Scuse m Those two
don't need a fan club!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JAMES: Double yipes!
BONNIE: What happened
to you two?
CLEMONT: That was
a ninja body switch!
SHINOBU: It's the
power of the ninja.
SKARMORY X3: [FLASH CANNON
MOVE]
JESSIE, JAMES, MEOWTH: We're
suddenly blasting off again!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SANPEI: You're not stopping me
ASH: Pikachu, Electro
Ball! Frogadier,
Water Pulse, now let's go!
FROGADIER: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SANPEI: Greninja,
Water Shuriken!
PIKACHU: [ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
FROGADIER: [WATER PULSE MOVE]
GRENINJA: [WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
HEIDAYU: Dodge it,
then Shadow Claw!
BISHARP:[DODGING]
[SHADOW CLAW MOVE]
GRENINJA: [STARTLED]
BISHARP: [SHADOW CLAW MOVE]
PIKACHU, FROGADIER:
[STARTLED]/[IMPACT GRUNT]
ASH: Hey are you guys okay?!
SANPEI: All of you
hang in there!
PIKACHU, FROGADIER,
GRENINJA: [WHIMPER]
BISHARP: [PROUD]
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
(I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner)
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
HEIDAYU: Is
that all you've got?!
Bisharp, Shadow Claw!
BISHARP: [SHADOW CLAW MOVE]
ASH: Frogadier, use your
Frubbles to stop it, okay?
FROGADIER: [EXERTION]
BISHARP: [DODGING]
ASH: YESS!
SANPEI: Night Slash, go!
GRENINJA: [NIGHT SLASH MOVE]
HEIDAYU: All right, X‐Scissor!
BISHARP: [X‐SCISSOR MOVE]
GRENINJA: [CHARGING]
BISHARP: [EXERTION]
PIKACHU, FROGADIER: [STARTLED]
SANPEI: Greninja, NO!
ASH: Pikachu! Now use
Thunderbolt, GO!
PIKACHU: [ANGRY
AFFIRMATIVE]
HEIDAYU: Snarl!
BISHARP: [SNARL MOVE]
GRENINJA: [WARNING]
PIKACHU: [SHOCKED]
BARBARACLE: [APPEARING]
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
ASH: Whoa, check it out!
SANPEI: Saizo, you're here!
SAIZO: So sorry I'm late!
SAIZO: Razor Shell!
BARBARACLE: [RAZOR SHELL MOVE]
BISHARP: [IMPACT GRUNT]
SHINOBU: Ippei!
NIHEI: It's too
dangerous! Stay away!
SERENA: Listen to me!
Hanzo was just captured by
some mysterious ninja!
IPPEI: They got the chief?!
HEIDAYU: It seems
I'm outnumbered. But it looks
like I have also bought enough
time. Bisharp, return!
SAIZO: Stop there!
SAIZO: Going after him won't
help.
Our chief hasfallen into
enemy hands,
and if we act
carelessly, we may lose
our opportunity to save him.
SAIZO: We need to create a plan.
CLEMONT: They're retreating.
BONNIE: Yeah, but why?
SHINOBU: They left because they
accomplished what
they came to
do.
SAIZO: I'm afraid
Kagetomo and his henchmen
kidnapped the chief.
IPPEI: No way!
SHINOBU: Oh no!
ASH: Kagetomo?
PIKACHU: [CURIOUS]
SAIZO: That's right.
Kagetomo also used to live
right here in Ninja Village...
IPPEI: I remember him well.
He was a very powerful ninja.
KAGETOMO: It's useless. You
cannot escape!
HANZO: It would appear so.
There's no reason for disguises,
so why not show your
face , Kagetomo
KAGETOMO: Still clever.
You saw right through my mask.
HANZO: It was easy. Only a
person who comes from Ninja
Village would possess the
skill to fashion a rope that
is virtually impossible
to escape from.
NIHEI: Kagetomo, huh...
IPPEI: Battling him
will be very difficult.
ASH: Kagetomo's
really that strong?
SAIZO: He was expected to become
the next chief. It was his
destiny to become the leader of
Ninja Village after Hanzo
stepped down. But then!
HANZO: To continue to train
along with and discover
the possibilities of Pokémon to
defend the people of the world.
That, and that alone,
is the role of the ninja...
KAGETOMO: Ridiculous!
KAGETOMO: I have great power!
Overwhelming power
with which to rule the world!
Am I wrong!?
HANZO: You flatter yourself.
KAGETOMO: Incorrect. And I vow
I will prove it! After I become
leader of the Ninja Village!
HANZO: If you turn your back on
our teachings, you will not be
the leader. You will not have
the role of chiefand you won't
have the chief's emblem.
SAIZO: And with that, Kagetomo
and his follower,
Heidayu, left the village.
SAIZO: After that, Kagetomo and
Heidayu trained more ninja and
formed a ninja force. And then
IPPEI: They kidnapped Chief
Hanzo!
SAIZO: When I became aware of
what the ninja force
force was planning to do,
I decided to come here to
warn the chief ahead of
timebut I was too late.
SERENA: I sure hope
he's doing all right
BONNIE: I can't bear
thinking of anything bad!
DEDENNE: [UPSET]
SANPEI: I've got to do
something!
I'm going to
rescue the chief NOW!
ASH: I'll go!
CLEMONT: Think this through,
Ash!
We have no idea where
Hanzo's being held right now!
SHINOBU: I'm sure
Hanzo's just fine.
After all, he is the chief.
IPPEI: The villagers are
tracking his whereabouts
right now. Let's see
what they come up with.
ASH, SANPEI: Right.
HANZO: Kagetomo? What is
it exactly that you want?
The chief's emblem, perhaps?
HANZO: If that's what
you desire, it's in my pocket.
Take it.
KAGETOMO: I won't steal it.
HANZO: What?
KAGETOMO: You'll give it to me
at the festival. Then you will
announce this to the villagers:
"I'm passing the leadership to
Kagetomo." Only then will
I let you go free.
HANZO: Even if I
agreed to make such a
ridiculous announcement, the
villagers would never accept you
as leader in a million years.
KAGETOMO: I'll
make them accept me.
KAGETOMO: I'll do
it with my power!
HEIDAYU: The villagers have
discovered our whereabouts.
They will here shortly Kagetomo.
KAGETOMO: Everything's going as
planned. My only need is Ippei.
‐Intercept them.
‐HEIDAYU: Right!
VILLAGE MAN‐WHITE KERCHIEF:
I'm certain it was the chief.
SANPEI: Where did you find him?
VILLAGE MAN‐WHITE KERCHIEF:
On Otori Mountain.
Not very far from the summit.
IPPEI: Then let's
go rescue him NOW!
SAIZO: Wait, hold on!
SAIZO: It's Heidayu!
ASH: So that's him?
PIKACHU: [WONDERING]
HEIDAYU: Don't let them
go any further!
NIHEI: Listen to me, Saizo!
Leave them to us and you
go rescue the chief!
IPPEI: Then let's go!
HEIDAYU: All right, Bisharp,
stop them with X‐Scissor GO!
BISHARP: [X‐SCISSOR MOVE]
ASH: Well you'll
have to beat us!
CLEMONT: Luxray! Now help us
to make certain they don't!
SERENA: Braixen, you, too!
LUXRAY: [APPEARING]
BRAIXEN: [APPEARING]
NIHEI: Venusaur, let's go!
SHINOBU: Liepard, come out!
VENUSAUR: [APPEARING]
LIEPARD: [APPEARING]
ARIADOS: [POISON STING MOVE ]
SKARMORY: [FLASH CANNON MOVE]
HOUNDOOM: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
GENGAR: [DARK PULSE MOVE]
‐NIHEI: Razor leaf, now!
‐SHINOBU: Hyper Beam, go!
VENUSAUR, LIEPARD: [RAZOR LEAF
MOVE]
CLEMONT: All right,
Luxray, use Swift!
SERENA: Braixen,
use Flamethrower!
LUXRAY, BRAIXEN: [AFFIRMATIVE]
LUXRAY: [SWIFT MOVE]
BRAIXEN: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
SANPEI: Think of this
as payback for before!
Greninja night slash!
ASH: Pikachu, use Iron Tail!
Frogadier, use Cut!
PIKACHU:
[AFFIRMATIVE]
FROGADIER: [AFFIRMATIVE]
HEIDAYU: Fury Cutter, GO!
BISHARP: [CHARGING]
GRENINJA: [CHARGING]
BISHARP: [FURY CUTTER MOVE]
GRENINJA: [NIGHT SLASH MOVE]
BISHARP: [DODGING]
GRENINJA: [IMPACT GRUNT]
FROGADIER: [CUT
MOVE]/[IMPACT GRUNT]
BISHARP: [FURY CUTTER
MOVE]PIKACHU: [IMPACT GRUNT]
PIKACHU, FROGADIER,
GRENINJA: [STUNNED]
SANPEI: No, Greninja!
ASH: Pikachu! Frogadier!
SAIZO: Chief Hanzo!
KAGETOMO: Why,
Ippei. You're late.
IPPEI: Hanzo, are you hurt?
HANZO: There's no need
to worry. I'm just fine.
KAGETOMO: I grow
weary of waiting.
Time for our battle!
WEAVILE: [APPEARING]
KAGETOMO: This will decide who
deserves to be chief! Whoever
wins will rule over Ninja
Village! Weavile, GO!
WEAVILE: [CHARGING]
IPPEI: Now, attack it head on!
GRENINJA: [CHARGING]
SKARMORY: [FLASH CANNON MOVE]
ARIADOS: [SLUDGE BOMB MOVE ]
HOUNDOOM, GENGAR: [FLAMETHROWER
MOVE]
SERENA: Here it comes, Braixen!
CLEMONT: Luxray,
dodge it, quick!
NIHEI: Venusaur, Dodge!
BRAIXEN, LUXRAY, VENUSAUR,
LIEPARD: [DODGING]
PIKACHU, FROGADIER, GRENINJA:
[STRUGGLING]
PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
HEIDAYU: Courageous. I'll admire
that before
I stop you all in
your tracks!
ASH: Pikachu, Frogadier,
run and confuse them, now!
PIKACHU, FROGADIER: [CHARGING]
SANPEI: Greninja, get
up close and then attack!
GRENINJA: [CHARGING]
PIKACHU, FROGADIER: [CHARGING]
HEIDAYU: Bisharp, Snarl!
BISHARP: [SNARL MOVE]
PIKACHU, FROGADIER,
GRENINJA: [STARTLED]
GRENINJA: [SCREAMING
PIKACHU: [IMPACT GRUNT]
ASH, SANPEI: Oh no!
HEIDAYU: Don't let up! Use
Shadow Claw on that Pikachu!
BISHARP: [CHARGING]
PIKACHU: [STRUGGLING]
ASH: Quick, Pikachu, get up!
FROGADIER: [STRUGGLING]
BISHARP: [SHADOW CLAW MOVE]
FROGADIER: [BLOCKING]/[EXERTION]
PIKACHU: [AMAZED]
ASH: Frogadier whoa,
ASH, SERENA, CLEMONT, BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Greninja!"
FROGADIER: [STRAINING]
BISHARP:
[STRUGGLING]/[IMPACT GRUNT]
SHINOBU: Frogadier is evolving!
FROGADIER: [EXERTION]
POKEDEX: Greninja. The Ninja
Pokémon, and the final
evolved form of Froakie.
Greninja can compress water into
sharp‐edged throwing stars. With
the grace of a ninja, it slips
in and out of sight to attack
from the shadows.
SERENA: Next time It'll
be our turn, Braixen!
CLEMONT: Luxray!
Get ready to go, too!
BRAIXEN, LUXRAY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SHINOBU: There's no way
we're going to give in, either!
NIHEI: That's right!
VENUSAUR: [AFFIRMATIVE]
LIEPARD: [AFFIRMATIVE]
GRENINJA, WEAVILE: [BATTLING]
IPPEI: Water Shuriken!
KAGETOMO: Use Icy Wind!
GRENINJA: [WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
WEAVILE: [ICY WIND MOVE]
ASH: Pikachu! Electro Ball, now!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]/
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
HEIDAYU: Reflect it
back with X‐Scissor!
BISHARP: [X‐SCISSOR MOVE]
ASH: Greninja, Water Shuriken!
GRENINJA ‐ A: [WATER
SHURIKEN MOVE]
BISHARP: [STARTLED]
BISHARP: [IMPACT GRUNT]
LUXRAY: [SWIFT MOVE]
BRAIXEN: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
LIEPARD: [SHADOW BALL MOVE]
VENUSAUR: [SOLAR BEAM MOVE]
SKARMORY: [STARTLED]
ARIADOS: [STARTLED]
HOUNDOOM: [IMPACT GRUNT]
GENGAR: [SCARED]
BONNIE: Oh yeah!
DEDENNE, SQUISHY: [CHEERING]
HEIDAYU: You're not going to
win! Kagetomo WILL become the
chief! X‐Scissor, go!
BISHARP: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Well, we're getting
stronger! Well let's go!
ASH: Greninja, use Cut, now!!
GRENINJA ‐ A:
[CHARGING]/[CUT MOVE]
BISHARP:
[SCARED]/[IMPACT GRUNT]
GRENINJA ‐ A: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: What did Greninja just do?
GRENINJA, WEAVILE:
[BATTLING]
GRENINJA: [IMPACT GRUNT]
KAGETOMO: Use Metal Claw!
WEAVILE: [METAL CLAW MOVE]
IPPEI: Greninja, get away!
GRENINJA: [DODGING]
GRENINJA: [IMPACT GRUNT]
HANZO: (M) Kagetomo's
Weavile is strong.
The speed and the power of
its moves are as impressive
as Ippei's Greninja
maybe more impressive.
KAGETOMO: Now, run it down!
And then smash it!
GRENINJA: [STARTLED]
IPPEI: Greninja, dodge it!
WEAVILE: [METAL CLAW MOVE]
GRENINJA: [DODGING]
GRENINJA: [TAUNTING]
IPPEI: Excellent work, Greninja.
HANZO: (M) Ippei has something
that Kagetomo does not.
And it is
SANPEI: Ippei!
ASH: Saizo!
PIKACHU: [CONCERNED]
SANPEI: How's it going?
SAIZO:No need to worry.
SAIZO: Ippei and Greninja
will prevail. Watch.
KAGETOMO: I'd say it's
about time to wrap this up!
I will return to
Ninja Village as its leader
KAGETOMO: All right,
Weavile, Giga Impact!
WEAVILE: [CHARGING]
IPPEI: NowGreninja, Double Team!
GRENINJA: [DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
WEAVILE:
[GIGA IMPACT MOVE]
WEAVILE: [TAUNTING]
IPPEI: Now!
KAGETOMO: Below you!
WEAVILE: [STARTLED]
WEAVILE: [BATTLING]
GRENINJA: [BATTLING]
IPPEI: I will defend the honor
of the ninja with everything
I've got! All right,
Greninja, Water Shuriken!
GRENINJA:
[WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
[SHOCKED]/[IMPACT GRUNT]
KAGETOMO: Get up, Weavile! What
do you think you're doing?!
Why won't you fight?!
WEAVILE: [STRUGGLING]
SAIZO: That's enough.
The battle is over.
KAGETOMO: Over?!
KAGETOMO: I lost? How?
HANZO: Ippei has
something...something that
you do not have. And
that thing is devotion.
HANZO: He battles for the
dreams of the people. He gives
everything he's got for the
future of each and every
Pokémon. Everything.
For the people the Pokémon and
the whole world.
HANZO: That is
the way of the ninja.
And that is the
reason you were defeated.
HANZO: And why you weren't
chosen as village leader.
My faith in Ippei's Greninja is
unwavering because I knew it
would battle until the very end.
IPPEI: Your Weavile battled well
indeed, Kagetomo. It deserves
your praise and respect.
KAGETOMO: Ippei...
WEAVILE: [WHIMPER]
KAGETOMO: You battled very well.
Thanks, Weavile.
WEAVILE: [GRATEFUL]
IPPEI: You are indeed a fine
ninja. Use your power for the
people, the Pokémon,
and for the whole world.
IPPEI: That's excellent, Ash.
I see that your
Frogadier evolved as well.
SANPEI: I'm so excited. That
makes three of us. All our
Frogadier evolved into Greninja!
ASH: Well, we're gonna get
stronger and stronger.
You just wait! We're gonna
get even stronger than
the two of you guys!
IPPEI: I look forward
to seeing your progress.
ASH: Thanks!
GRENINJA ‐ A:
[HAPPY]PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
HANZO: After much consideration,
I have decided who will be the
next chief of Ninja Village!
HANZO: And that will be the fine
young man standing
next to me. Ippei!
HANZO: So will you be leaving
the village, Kagetomo?
KAGETOMO: Yes. I must
rededicate my training and
I have a lot to think about.
HANZO: But you could accomplish
all of that right here
in Ninja Village, you know.
KAGETOMO: I cannot forget what
you both told me.
Words of wisdom.
If my power is for the
world, I must first see what the
world is. All by myself.
HANZO: Heidayu,
is that your plan?
HEIDAYU: I will follow Kagetomo.
Wherever he goes.
IPPEI: Ninja Village will
be indeed be waiting for
your return! Don't forget.
KAGETOMO: I promise you.
KAGETOMO: And my
ninja Please watch over them.
IPPEI: With all that I have.
SERENA: Thank you so
much for everything.
BONNIE: The ninja
festival was so much fun!
DEDENNE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
HANZO: I hope you'll come and
pay us a visit whenever you're
nearby. You're always welcome.
CLEMONT: Thanks. That's
so very nice of you!
SANPEI: Best of luck, Ash.
Now go and win your eighth
Gym badge! I'll cheer
you all the way!
ASH: Thanks! Good luck
to you too, Sanpei!
PIKACHU: [FAREWELL]
GRENINJA ‐ A: [FAREWELL]
SANPEI: Thank you!
GRENINJA: [PLEASED]
NARRATOR: Now that the festival,
as well as the battle
for Ninja Village has ended, our
heroes are off once again to
Snowbelle City, where Ash will
battle for his eighth and final
Kalos Gym badge!
SAIZO: Wait,
Ash's Greninja took
on a new appearance?!
NIHEI: Yes but it was
only for an instant
IPPEI: And you know what that
means. The village hero from
long ago has protected
us once again.
HANZO: Greninja. Of course.